Favor `GITHUB_WORKFLOW_REF` over using `actions: read` to calculate the workflow path (#2126)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> - Users of GHES3.9+ and GHEC should not need to include `actions: read` permissions to use upload-sarif in private repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users of GHES 3.9+ and GHEC will no longer need to include `actions: read` permissions to use `upload-sarif` in private repositories.
```

- Update default CodeQL bundle version to 2.16.2. [#2124](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/2124)
- The CodeQL action no longer fails if it can't write to the telemetry api endpoint. [#2121](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/2121)

> - Users of GHES3.9+ and GHEC will no longer need to include `actions: read` permissions to use `upload-sarif` in private repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users of GHES 3.9+ and GHEC will no longer need to include `actions: read` permissions to use `upload-sarif` in private repositories.
```
